Add CLAUDE.md and skills (#6408)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .claude/skills/library-api-design/SKILL.md

This repo is a base library: every contract is inherited downstream. The rules below preserve that inheritability. Most of them are not lint-enforced — they require judgment when adding new contracts.

## `virtual` on overridable functions

Mark every `public` and `internal` function `virtual` — with two specific exceptions:

**Alias functions** (one function that just forwards to another with no added logic) are NOT virtual. The canonical form is the virtual one. Add a NatSpec `NOTE:` pointing to it:

```solidity
/**
 * @dev See {IERC20-transfer}.
 *
 * NOTE: This function is not virtual, {_update} should be overridden instead.
 */
function _transfer(address from, address to, uint256 value) internal {
  // ...
  _update(from, to, value);
}
```

**Convenience overloads** that only fill in a default argument are NOT virtual; the full-argument canonical form is:

```solidity
// not virtual (only sets emitEvent = true):
function _approve(address owner, address spender, uint256 value) internal {
    _approve(owner, spender, value, true);
}

// virtual (real override point):
function _approve(address owner, address spender, uint256 value, bool emitEvent) internal virtual { ... }
```

> Solhint's `no-external-virtual` rule catches `external virtual` (fallback excepted) — the right fix is `public virtual`, not silencing the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solhint's `no-external-virtual` rule catches `external virtual` (fallback excepted) — the right fix is `public virtual`, not silencing the rule. The reason `external` can't be the override point: an override of an `external` function cannot call `super`, so a function designed to be overridden must be `public`.
```

## `super` and extension contracts

`super` must be called in `_update` overrides, in `supportsInterface` overrides, and whenever an extension builds on base behavior. Skipping `super` is only acceptable for genuinely new functions that have no base implementation.

`supportsInterface` always follows the pattern:

```solidity
interfaceId == type(X).interfaceId || super.supportsInterface(interfaceId)
```

When overriding from multiple bases, list all of them: `override(A, B)`.

## Constructors, immutables, and the transpiler

| Keyword     | When                                                       | Naming                               |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `constant`  | Compile-time known (type hashes, role ids, slot addresses) | `ALL_CAPS_WITH_UNDERSCORES`          |
| `immutable` | Constructor-set, deploy-time computed                      | `_camelCase` (same as private state) |

> Add `/// @custom:oz-upgrades-unsafe-allow state-variable-immutable` only when the value genuinely must not change across upgrades for security or correctness — e.g. `ERC2771Context._trustedForwarder`, where allowing it to change in an upgrade could introduce an untrusted forwarder. Don't add it to values that a governance system might legitimately want to change (e.g. `GovernorVotes._token`).

Reviewer 2: I don't think this part is correct.

immutable values are part of the implementation contract, and can always be changed through an upgrade! 

the use of `/// @custom:oz-upgrades-unsafe-allow state-variable-immutable` is not so much about "is it dangerous to change it during upgrades" as much as "should this value be per implementation or per proxy".

It the tag is present, then the value will be immutable in the upgradeable version. The constructor of the upgradeable version will set it, and all proxy that use that implementation will use it. If they want to use a different value, they can do an upgrade to an other implementation.

If the tag is NOT present, then the value will be transpiled to a "normal" storage slot, and setting it will be part of the initializer. That means many proxy can share the same implementation while still each having their own value.

## ERC-7201 namespaced storage

> ERC-7201 is **not** a general pattern. Upgradeable variants of contracts are auto-generated by the [OpenZeppelin Transpiler](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-transpiler) — do not manually write upgradeable storage layouts.

Reviewer 2: > ERC-7201 is **not** a general pattern.

What does that mean ? What is a general pattern ?

Author: I tried to say that ERC-7201 shouldn't be used "generally" in vanilla. With "generally" I meant all contracts. Updating

| `immutable` | Constructor-set, deploy-time computed                      | `_camelCase` (same as private state) |

`/// @custom:oz-upgrades-unsafe-allow state-variable-immutable` is not a "this value is too dangerous to change" tag — every immutable can still be changed by upgrading to a new implementation. The tag controls **per-implementation vs per-proxy**:

- **Tag present**: the value stays `immutable` in the upgradeable variant. It is set in the upgradeable contract's constructor and shared by every proxy that points at that implementation. Changing it requires a new implementation.
- **Tag absent**: the transpiler converts the field to a regular storage slot and moves initialization into the initializer. Each proxy gets its own value while sharing one implementation.

Pick the tag when the value is logically a property of the implementation (e.g. `ERC2771Context._trustedForwarder` — the trust relationship belongs to the deployed code, not each proxy). Omit it when each deployment should configure its own value (e.g. `GovernorVotes._token`).

## ERC-7201 namespaced storage

> ERC-7201 is opt-in, not the default. Upgradeable variants of OZ contracts are auto-generated by the [OpenZeppelin Transpiler](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-transpiler) — don't pre-emptively add ERC-7201 storage layouts to new contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ERC-7201 is opt-in, not the default. Upgradeable variants of OZ contracts are auto-generated by the [OpenZeppelin Transpiler](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-transpiler) — don't preemptively add ERC-7201 storage layouts to new contracts.
```
